chore: Update getting started docs (#4683)
artsy/eigen: docs/getting_started.md

## Connect a device

### iOS

When you connect an iPhone to your machine, Xcode will prompt you to join a team, then to enable the device for development. If you have to choose a team, choose _Art.sY Inc._.

### Android

> 1. Firstly, Go to the Settings in your real device.
> 2. After that go to the “About phone” if Developer Options is not shown in your device
> 3. Then Tap 7 times on Build number to create Developer Options.
> 4. After that go back and Developer options will be created in your device.
> 5. After that go to Developer options and Enable USB debugging in your device as shown in figure below.
> 6. Connect your device with your system via data cable and after that allow USB debugging message shown on your device and press OK.
> 7. After that Go to the menu bar and Run app as shown in figure below.
> 8. If real device is connected to your system then it will show Online. Now click on your Mobile phone device and you App will be run in real device.
> 9. After that your Android app run in Real device.

Reviewer: These are kinda circuitous instructions for android studio, and they reference screenshots we don't have. I'd suggest simplifying it to something like this:

```suggestion
1. On your Android device go to Settings > About Phone
2. Find the 'Build number' menu item and tap it 7 times to enable developer mode.
4. Now go to Settings > System > Developer Options, and turn on 'USB Debugging'
5. Connect your device to your computer via USB cable. After a moment the device should show a prompt for you to allow USB debugging for your computer. Press yes.
7. After that run `yarn android` from within the eigen directory. This will build the app, install it on your device, and run it.
```

Author: lol I should have finished reading this before pasting it 🙈
